Prince, Dad, you are sad. 4 I have come so far to travel to justice. My grandpa can show some kindness. 4 Help me with the 30 million loan.
Let the money matter go 4 I didn’t expect him 4 He would actually take advantage of me during this difficult time 4 He has hope 4 Sweep
Him 4 Don't be sad 4 The price is not easy 4 It's not worth your being re-taken by them 4 Sorry 4 Good morning
It’s better to leave them. 4 It’s free. 4 Sweep the door and get a divorce. 4 What? 4 Wife
What do you think? 4 I don’t know when I can pay back the 30 million 4 from the bank. 4 I don’t want to be involved.
Say we win one of them and turn back tens of billions
The whole look will look smooth to us from the beginning
When we are in trouble, some people will be surprised.
But we have no money anymore
You just have to show off
I've been ahead of you these past few years